Update page Decap Proxy (#140)
decaporg/decap-website: content/docs/decap-proxy.md

---
group: Accounts
weight: 70
title: "Decap Proxy: Work With a Local Repository"
slug: decap-proxy
aliases:
  - /docs/working-with-a-local-git-repository
---

> You can connect Decap CMS to a local folder, instead of working with a live git repository.

Reviewer: When we are talking about a Git repository hosted somewhere else we refer to it as "remote", just to keep it linguistically consistent. We also write both "folder" and "directory", I generally prefer directory that is the technical term.
```suggestion
You can connect Decap CMS to a local directory, instead of working with a remote Git repository.
```

1. Navigate to a local directory configured with the CMS.
2. Add the top-level property `local_backend` configuration to your `config.yml`:

```yaml
# when using the default proxy server port
local_backend: true

backend:
  name: git-gateway
```

3. Run `npx decap-server` from the root directory of the above repository.

>   * If the default port (8081) is in use, the proxy server won't start and you will see an error message. In this case, configure the port number.

Reviewer: comma nit
```suggestion
  * If the default port (8081) is in use, the proxy server won't start, and you will see an error message. In this case, configure the port number.
```

### Options

By default, the proxy server runs on port `8081` and allows CORS requests from any origin. You can customize these settings with these options.

#### Environment Variables

* **`PORT`** define the port you'd like the proxy server to use. Running `PORT=8082 npm run start` starts the server on port `8082` rather than the default `8081`.

* **`BIND_HOST`** variable allows binding to 127.0.0.1 rather than all IP addresses. Running `BIND_HOST=localhost npm run start` allows connecting to `http://localhost:8081/` but connections to `http://<public_ip>:8081/` are no longer possible. <span class="version-tag">3.9</span>

* **`ORIGIN`** allows restricting CORS responses to a specific origin rather that allowing the API to be accessed from any server. Running `ORIGIN=https://example.com npm run start` changes the HTTP header in responses to `Access-Content-Allow-Origin: https://example.com`. The server can no longer be accessed by arbitrary websites. <span class="version-tag">3.9</span>

You can define them in 2 ways:

1. Create a `.env` file in the project's root folder and add these optional variables: 

```ini
PORT=8082
BIND_HOST=8082
ORIGIN=https://my-local-site.com
```

> 2. Set these variables before the bash command, for example:

Reviewer 2: Bash isn’t the only shell around. AFAIK all Unix shells allow setting environment variables in this way. So maybe better:

> Set these variables in the shell prior to running the command, for example:

For the Github syntax highlighter `bash` and `sh` language tags are synonyms but probably still better to use the latter.
